# A CFD Tutorial in Julia
A CFD Tutorial in Julia: Introduction to Laminar Boundary-Layer Theory journal's code repository. The codes are developed in the Computational Aerodynamics and Hypersonics Laboratory.

## **Abstract**
The boundary layer is a thin layer near the surface in which the velocity changes from zero at the surface to the free stream value away from the surface. This behavior can be modeled with boundary layer theory which is crucial for many problems in aerodynamics, including wing stall, the skin friction drag on an object, and the heat transfer that occurs in high-speed flight. Understanding complex physics during engineering education may provide students insight into more complex problems, such as boundary-layer transition or flow separation. A computational fluid dynamics (CFD) student must understand the flow physics, discretization methods, and solution algorithms to conduct accurate and successful simulations. Utilizing computer tools are also another aspect of successful simulations. A relatively new programming language, Julia, is becoming one of the most popular programming language. Moreover, it is one of the most user-friendly and fast programming languages. It is crucial to learn and understand the pros and cons of a programming language before starting any project in this environment to validate that it is a convenient language for the project. In this paper, fundamental flow problems such as Blasius flow, Hiemenz flow, Homann flow, and Falkner-Skan flow will be derived from scratch and solved using the Julia language. We used the finite difference scheme to discretize the governing equations and utilized the Thomas algorithm to solve the resulting linear system. In addition, we compared the results with the literature. We released the Julia codes to shorten the learning curve. Additionally, we discussed the pros and cons of the Julia language.

Oz, F.; Kara, K. A CFD Tutorial in Julia: Introduction to Laminar Boundary-Layer Theory. Fluids, 2021, **_Under review_**.
